About Dataset
Context
Satellite image Classification Dataset-RSI-CB256 , This dataset has 4 different classes
mixed from Sensors and google map snapshot

4개의 클래스를 가진다. -> 구글 맵 스냅샷과 센서들을 혼합하여 생성.

Content
The past years have witnessed great progress on remote sensing (RS) image interpretation
and its wide applications. With RS images becoming more accessible than ever before,
there is an increasing demand for the automatic interpretation of these images. In this
context, the benchmark datasets serve as essential prerequisites for developing and
testing intelligent interpretation algorithms. After reviewing existing benchmark
datasets in the research community of RS image interpretation, this article discusses
the problem of how to efficiently prepare a suitable benchmark dataset for RS image
interpretation. Specifically, we first analyze the current challenges of developing
intelligent algorithms for RS image interpretation with bibliometric investigations.
We then present the general guidance on creating benchmark datasets in efficient manners.
Following the presented guidance, we also provide an example on building RS image dataset,
i.e., Million-AID, a new large-scale benchmark dataset containing a million instances
for RS image scene classification. Several challenges and perspectives in RS image
annotation are finally discussed to facilitate the research in benchmark dataset
construction. We do hope this paper will provide the RS community an overall perspective
on constructing large-scale and practical image datasets for further research,
especially data-driven ones.

원격 감지 이미지에 대한 접근성이 이전보다 높아지면서 이러한 이미지의 자동 해석에 대한 요구가
증가하고 있다. 이러한 맥락에서 벤치마크 데이터 세트는 지능형 해석 알고리즘을 개발하고 테스트 하는데
필수적인 전제조건으로 작용한다. RS 이미지 해석 연구 커뮤니티의 기존 벤치마크 데이터 세트를 검토한 후,
본 논문에서는 RS 이미지 해석에 적합한 벤치마크 데이터 세트를 효율적으로 준비하는 방법에 대한
문제를 논의한다.

구체적으로 서지학적 조사를 통해 RS 이미지 해석을 위한 지능형 알고리즘을 개발하는 현재의 과제를
분석한다. 그런 다음 효율적인 방식으로 벤치마크 데이터 세트를 만드는 것에 대한 일반적인 지침을
제시한다. 제시된 지침에 따라 RS 이미지 장면 분류를 위한 백만 개의 인스턴스를 포함하는 새로운 대규모
벤치마크 데이터 세트인 Million-AID를 구축하는 예도 제공한다. 벤치마크 데이터 세트 구성 연구를
용이하게 하기 위해 RS 이미지 주석의 몇 가지 과제와 관점이 최종적으로 논의되고, 이 논문이 RS
커뮤니티에서 향후 연구, 특히 데이터 중심 연구를 위한 대규모의 실용적인 이미지 데이터 세트를 구성하는
것에 대한 전반적인 관점을 제공하기를 바란다.

Acknowledgements
Annotated Datasets for RS Image Interpretation
The interpretation of RS images has been playing an increasingly important role in a
large diversity of applications, and thus, has attracted remarkable research attentions.
Consequently, various datasets have been built to advance the development of
interpretation algorithms for RS images. Covering literature published over the past
decade, we perform a systematic review of the existing RS image datasets concerning the
current mainstream of RS image interpretation tasks, including scene classification,
object detection, semantic segmentation and change detection.

RS 이미지 해석은 다양한 응용 프로그램에서 점점 더 중요한 역할을 하고 있다. RS 이미지에 대한
해석 알고리즘 개발을 진전시키기 위해 다양한 데이터 세트가 구축되었다.

장면 분류, 객체 감지, 의미 분할 및 변경 탐지를 포함한 RS 이미지 해석 작업의 현재 주류와 관련된
기존 RS 이미지 데이터 세트에 대한 체계적 검토를 수행한다.

Inspiration
Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Image Processing, Deep Learning, Satellite
Image, Remote Sensing

인공지능, 컴퓨터 비전, 이미지 처리, 딥 러닝, 위성 이미지, 원격 감지

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

전체 jpg 형태의 5361개의 이미지가 주어진다.